Changes performed on English documents to help po4a (#1516)
LinuxCNC/linuxcnc: docs/src/drivers/gs2.adoc

:lang: en

[[cha:gs2-vfd-driver]]
= GS2 VFD Driver

This is a userspace HAL program for the GS2 series of VFD's at

> Automation Direct. footnote:[En Europe on trouve l'équivalent sous la marque Omron.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automation Direct. footnote:[In Europe equivalent hardware  can be found under the Omron brand.]
```

This component is loaded using the halcmd "loadusr" command:
----
loadusr -Wn spindle-vfd gs2_vfd -n spindle-vfd 
----

The above command says: loadusr, wait for named to load, 
component gs2_vfd, named spindle-vfd.

> FIXME from French: La commande de HAL _loadusr_ est détaillée au 
> chapitre: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Translated the line just after
